c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\bin\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.exe.config
c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\bin\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.exe
c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\bin\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.pdb
c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\bin\Debug\DataGridWithFilter.dll
c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\bin\Debug\DataGridWithFilter.pdb
c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.Form1.resources
c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.exe
c:\users\mamchenko.as\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.pdb
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\bin\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.exe.config
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.exe
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.pdb
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\bin\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.exe
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\bin\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.pdb
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\bin\Debug\DataGridWithFilter.dll
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\bin\Debug\DataGridWithFilter.pdb
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.Form1.resources
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\DarthAlex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataGridWithFilterDemo\DataGridWithFilterDemo\obj\Debug\DataGridWithFilterDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
